just the other day
during life as a gift multicooker
further so in person
the task of acquiring them today
sprinkled with water that eyes already
scatter them and looked south
watching watching watching were there
I know the possibility of the characteristics of what is there
just not like when they came
choosing a shop the task was literally
1 minute simplified to impossibility
because 99 percent multicooker
open and so almost everyone has chosen
one only multicooker
from one firm I will not plan
such that there is no smell
all the others are smelly like they are there
plastics the issue at work was on
that is, the smell of someone else
just made a cast and right there
stuck in the morning multione which was taken in
three times more expensive than everyone else
the only one that is odorless
absolutely without any that is seen that
she is not worth long
opened yes stores it I immediately steam
interestingly missed a little too
taking advantage and remembering is possible a lot
what really interesting to say
how i choose clothes
these are the slow cooker
teapots epidermis sedokov occurs i
I come to the feast naturally firm smell
disgusting
I put all this something that is not it
abnormal man are you what's there like why
Why drawings foot floor will not
soak up everything there
if you chose the edge bad bad
smell you will suffer incredible
get tired very quickly you will fall
very quickly if you choose not a kettle
plastic there may be metal
put Ariel his glass least
smell changed
plastic guitar but you need to choose
Here before iron honor
kettles
no advice when connecting perfectly
there was no smell and it fell clean so but
if there are plastic because such well
remaining levels stop still
more plastics
the worse you open to smell and you immediately
understand it buy on what will smell
otherwise the concentrate will also be hot water.
it dissolves constantly and constantly to you
concentrate is a layer of nation there
formaldehyde phenols benzene and poisons class
initial then we buy clothes
necessarily as she subscriptions about raw materials to
did chinese you again chinese
Slapping clothes, everything else has a smell
just wonderful and impossible to wash
nothing there is no buy sneakers sneakers for
workout tour asanas if some smell
present case washed there in meaning
somewhere else tried to wash cars
I again hatch and the light in the sun
them so here if there is something but I try
throw out the smell the sky there is no smell
good firm means
it is even normal and everything is therefore on
all you need to buy
sure anybody like it smells all that
will the body flow to your post
the slow cooker said about teapots
this one because everyone is so surprised either
need to strongly choose a natural hat
on how many chose for fixtures
surprised natural caps no light
ski give them just a hat easy
I come to you here this one
plastic space five years on this i
I feel I am now on from the tents
put on warm good wonderful i
I'm starting to feel under some kind of cap
circus like a dome on
it just closes i periodically
rented to at least feel this
communication and immediately it is easier for me much easier
this feeling did not really notice it before
you feel something like a button
unpleasant hat take off easy hat
dress it don't expect me straight and 6
mark you still want what you want
see the store look where to find here
this one needs to be ordered some
grandparents who knit to
they did normal and or here it is
directed when open just
deck and here are the plastic lining there
not even artificial
all marvel dayus as a man so you do not
you want the future
Now all the artificial take clothes
getting dressed here closes
the body ceases to be perceived
something unforgettable feeling like
spacesuit some affairs god google we all
unpleasant cell phone stops
work but I like somehow
I find here I am looking for I am looking for I am looking for more
dried your address and now the man sees
but very pretentious axes chuik there
furs lichutin
inserted translates that man at
the event that feels me
tell later come events come
there are people who talk and
all this laughter comes just said
man appeared well it happens that 100
information from some information
said there was a man with unwrapped
Information appears therefore a question and
it provides later guts and but more
qualified is it still this section
aspect tells it just before
something funny is necessary here this shed
recently deal
needed information first found one
rightfully and then when I started getting better
what information how to work with it
also carrying money leads 2 one
chiropractor according to the rule of a specialist and also
did not sit down the song or seemed
something else some details dreamed
Do kasatin also affects me
report doing it like this way
did everything right and so on and on
so on and in all directions so
it turns out well, here it was still possible
access to the human body tell what
access and sophisticated shiva not even
you assume what access and to the person and
maybe you guess this whole thing
just did not focus on this
how perverted to our kids do we
our women girls say